Boss, I checked.
Yuan Kai did have a girlfriend before
But he committed suicide by jumping off a building
I actually recorded this poem
According to my investigation
At that time, Yuan Kai and the girl were getting married
The eldest lady pried Yuan Kai away
The girl was three months pregnant
I couldn't think of it for a while and went to a dead end
Continue with the Canadian license
Mom and Dad left early
It was my brother who didn't educate him well.
President, don't blame yourself.
You've exhausted your efforts for the Rock Group
It's always the old man who spoils the eldest lady
Boss, you know him?
Any other family?
If there is, compensate ASAP.
I have investigated
His parents died
Only one sister
The photo is attached at the back.
Would you like to try my new dish?
Of course.